are you worried about medical inflation
wish that outpatient services opd were
more convenient and accessible
icici lombard presents
opd services under your health insurance
policy cashless and seamless
and that too through the convenience of
il take care app
[Music]
to access the opd benefits
all you have to do is download the app
from the app store or google play store
to get started you need to register into
the app by entering your name date of
birth mobile number and email id
and validate it with an otp to sign in
revalidate your mobile number with otp
to proceed
now you enter your policy details to add
the policy
now you are ready to enjoy the benefits
of opd such as
24 7 access to doctor tele consultation
with instant prescription
choose from network of experienced and
qualified doctors
get medicines and lab tests from network
providers at your doorstep
hassle-free cashless transactions and
continued support
let's look at how to avail these
benefits
on the il take care app go to outpatient
services
under the services we offer section
click on consultation to visit or video
consult with the doctor
next select your location
select the specialty
and the doctor then
select physical or video consult type
confirm your details
and book a slot with the doctor as per
your convenience
your appointment will be scheduled
and you will get a confirmation via
email and sms
upload prescription to avail cashless
pharmacy and diagnostic services
[Music]
click on offline prescription icon
go to new prescription upload
select the patient
upload the prescription and click on
submit
to avail medicines prescribed by the
network doctor
simply click on order medicines
select the city and then select your
prescription
then choose either online home or
in-person pick-up
select medicine location and place your
order your medicines will reach you
shortly
[Music]
to avail diagnostics prescribed by the
network doctor
[Music]
click on book a lab test
select your city
now book your appointment with the lab
and confirm your appointment on the
calendar
your appointment schedule will be
displayed on the screen
[Music]
you can also avail 24 7 tele
consultation or video consultation with
a general physician through il hello
doctor
and receive prescription on the app
[Music]
enjoy the ease of obd services through
the app
as our promise goes off nipah
our il take care app is associated in
your journey from sickness to wellness
[Music]